So far what I know about C is only what we have learned in 314 the previous
term. Personally I'm a fan of Java but after seeing how most everyone nowadays 
uses C/C++ I realize that I should put a lot more emphasis on becoming a lean 
mean C/C++ coding machine as stated in your slides on the first day of class.
This is something I'd like to be in general, not just for school and then find
a job that requires minimal coding. Personally I'm not confident in my coding
ability in C. I was much more comfortable coding in java because in my head
java just clicked a lot better than C did last term. I dont know why this is
but learning about pointer referencing and dereferencing I just need a lot more
practice with because Im still not 100% on how pointers work. Malloc is also
another thing that I'm still not 100% on how to use correctly or how to use the
syntax correctly. From this class I really do want to get a lot better with C
and coding in general. I understand this class will be a lot of work which is
great because I'll get that experience however I can guarantee that I will be
in your office pretty frequently for assistance. Other than that I would just 
like to learn more about C and how to use it effectively and efficiently along
with helping my coding ability and confidence. I am a little worried about the
multiple assignment parts considering the workload of my other courses but this
class would take priority over the others as it's for my major while the others
are for general education requirements/upper-division elective. I hope to have
a great time in this course and I'm excited to learn more and increase my 
knowledge and abilities.
